Add support for compile-only dependencies (#2299)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/commands/compile.md

```scala title=project.scala
//> using exclude "example/scala"
```

## Compile-Only Dependencies

> Compile-only dependencies, allowing users to include certain libraries exclusively at compile-time. These

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compile-only dependencies, allowing users to include certain libraries exclusively at the time of the compilation. These
```

> Compile-only dependencies, allowing users to include certain libraries exclusively at the time of the compilation. These

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Compile-only dependencies, allow to include certain libraries exclusively at the time of the compilation. These
```

> dependencies are added to the class path during compilation, but won't be included during runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dependencies are added to the class path during compilation, but won't be included when the application is run.
```
